Sankey docs (#2090)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/sankey/elements/title.md

---
title: Title
page_title: Sankey Title
description: Title of the Sankey Diagram for Blazor.
slug: sankey-title
tags: telerik,blazor,sankey,diagram,chart,title
published: True
position: 7
---
@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

# Sankey Title

The Sankey diagram for Blazor allows you to specify a title for the diagram. This article explains how to add and configure the title.

## Adding a Title

1. Declare a `<SankeyTitle>` tag as a direct child of `<TelerikSankey>`.
1. Set the `Text` parameter of the `<SankeyTitle>` tag.

You can customize the title through the parameter of the `<SankeyTitle>` tag and through the nested tags it exposes.

### Basic Customization

> The `<SankeyTitle>` tag exposes the following parameters for customization of the title:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<SankeyTitle>` tag exposes the following parameters for the customization of the title:
```

| Parameter | Type and Default&nbsp;Value | Description |
| --------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `Align` | `SankeyTitleAlign` enum | The alignment of the title. |
| `Background` | `string`  | The background color of the title. |
| `Color` | `string`  | The text color of the title. |

> | `Description` | `string`  | The accessible description of the Sankey. Added as `aria-label` to the `<div class="k-sankey">` element. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Description` | `string`  | The accessible description of the Sankey diagram. Added as `aria-label` to the `<div class="k-sankey">` element. |
```

| `Font` | `string`  | The font of the title. |
| `Position` | `SankeyTitlePosition` enum | The position of the title. |

> | `Visible` | `bool?` <br/> (`true`) | Whether the title is visible.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Visible` | `bool?` <br/> (`true`) | Indicates whether the title is visible. |
```

### Nested Customization Tags

> The `<SankeyTitle>` tag exposes nested tags for further customization. The structure of the nested tags is `<SankeyTitle*Specifics*>`, where the specifics can be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<SankeyTitle>` tag exposes nested tags for further customization. The structure of the nested tags is `<SankeyTitle*Specifics*>` with the following specifics:
```

* [`Border`](/blazor-ui/api/telerik.blazor.components.sankeytitleborder)
* [`Margin`](/blazor-ui/api/telerik.blazor.components.sankeytitlemargin)
* [`Padding`](/blazor-ui/api/telerik.blazor.components.sankeytitlepadding)

## Example

> Example customization the Sankey title by using nested tag settings.

Reviewer: Ideally, all example intros would use consistent wording and structure. This one differs from the rest.

Re: the discussion around captions. My observation is that we're going with captions when the example is section/feature-related, and we're going with an Example section when the example covers pretty much everything covered by the article.

---
title: Title
page_title: Sankey Title
description: Title of the Sankey Diagram for Blazor.
slug: sankey-title
tags: telerik,blazor,sankey,diagram,chart,title
published: True
position: 7
---
@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

# Sankey Title

The Sankey diagram for Blazor allows you to specify a title for the diagram. This article explains how to add and configure the title.

## Adding a Title

1. Declare a `<SankeyTitle>` tag as a direct child of `<TelerikSankey>`.
1. Set the `Text` parameter of the `<SankeyTitle>` tag.

> ## Customizing the Title

Reviewer 2: This article uses too many headings with too little content. Why not remove this heading and use the same structure as the other element articles?
